Update UI (#5)
LiskHQ/lsk-faucet: README.md

![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/liskhq/lsk-faucet)
![GitHub closed issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed-raw/liskhq/lsk-faucet)

> LSK faucet is a web application that can be configured and deployed to get custom ERC20 tokens on any network. The tokens can be used to test and troubleshoot your decentralized application or protocol before going live on the Mainnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LSK faucet is a web application that can be configured and deployed to get ETH and custom ERC20 tokens on any test network. The tokens can be used to test and troubleshoot your decentralized application or protocol before going live on the Mainnet.
```

```

2. Bundle Frontend web with Vite

> **NOTE**: Please make sure to replace token icon at `web/public/token.png` with the specific ERC20 token icon.

Reviewer: Would it make sense to replace the note with something like below? The following is just a format recommendation where we must list all the supported image formats and recommend the image resolution.

```suggestion
**NOTE**: Please make sure to update the token icon under `web/public/` with the specific ERC20 token icon. The file must be named either `token.png` or `token.jpg`. We recommend the image dimensions to be 50px x 50px.
```

```bash
make build-frontend
```

3. Build Go project 
```bash
make build-backend
```

## Usage

**Use private key to fund users**

```bash
make run FLAGS="-httpport 8080 -wallet.provider http://localhost:8545 -wallet.privkey privkey"
```

**Use keystore to fund users**

```bash
make run FLAGS="-httpport 8080 -wallet.provider http://localhost:8545 -wallet.keyjson keystore -wallet.keypass password.txt"
```

### Configuration
Below is a list of environment variables that can be configured.

> - `WEB3_PROVIDER`: RPC Endpoint to connect with the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `WEB3_PROVIDER`: RPC Endpoint to connect with the network node.
```

- `PRIVATE_KEY`: Private key hex to fund user requests with.
- `KEYSTORE`: Keystore file to fund user requests with.
- `HCAPTCHA_SITEKEY`: hCaptcha sitekey.
- `HCAPTCHA_SECRET`: hCaptcha secret.

> - `ERC20_TOKEN_ADDRESS`: Contract address of ERC20 token on the above mentioned network, defaults to Lisk L2 token address.

Reviewer: What do we mean by `above-mentioned network`? I do not see any specified networks. Can we please rephrase it to be more clear?
```suggestion
- `ERC20_TOKEN_ADDRESS`: Contract address of the ERC20 token on the above mentioned network, defaults to contract address for Lisk ERC20 tokens on Lisk Sepolia.
```

Then run the faucet application without the wallet command-line flags:
```bash
make run FLAGS="-httpport 8080"
```

**Optional Flags**

The following are the available command-line flags(excluding above wallet flags):

| Flag              | Description                                         | Default Value                              |
| ----------------- | --------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------ |
| -httpport         | Listener port to serve HTTP connection              | 8080                                       |
| -proxycount       | Count of reverse proxies in front of the server     | 0                                          |
| -token-address    | Token contract address                              | 0x8a21CF9Ba08Ae709D64Cb25AfAA951183EC9FF6D |

> | -faucet.amount    | Number of ERC20 tokens to transfer per user request | 1                                          |

Reviewer: Is it safe to assume that all ERC20 tokens can be divided into 10^18 parts (similar to 1 ETH == 10^18 Wei)?
If not, should we also add the support for `decimals`?

Author: Discussed offline.
